I sit in my study, Riley my pup napping next to my desk as fireworks sound all around.
He doesn't mind loud noises. Doesn't mind fireworks. Doesn't mind thunder. Doesn't mind power tools. Noise doesn't bother him. Movement is more interesting. Raising a puppy has been an interesting experience. Lots of ups and downs. Lots of challenges and rewards. I'm not sure what I expected when I adopted him at 8 weeks. I remember thinking I'd get a dog, around 2-3yrs old. The universe decided otherwise. Every dog I applied to and met went to another family. Riley was part of a litter of puppies, the only one still unclaimed. The universe said "THAT'S IT!" and so here he is. 

My beautiful boy. My bestest boy. 

I have to remind myself it's a journey, not a destination. I thought the puppy stage was rough with the teething and biting and potty training. It pales in comparison to adolscense. Some days I miss Tiny Riley. If only I know then what I know now. But I'm loving the grown up Riley, the adult Riley, that's taking shape. 

My beautiful boy.

It's quite amazing to see the effort, blood, sweat, and tears start to pay off. Being able to chill in the backyard and not chase the chickens. Paying more attention to me out and about and less interested in all the goings on in an environment. Much better loose lead walking. So many snuggles. He loves sleeping at the foot of bed, rolling on his side, and stretching out along the length of my leg. Laying his head over my ankle. Some days it's hard to remember what life was like before him. Some days I don't want to remember what life was like before. He's made my life so much better. Brought such positive energy. 

He's my boy. My beautiful boy.
