In the Before Times, and during the start of the Pandmic, I was a daily practicer of<a href="https://juliacameronlive.com/basic-tools/morning-pages/" target="_blank">Julie Cameron's "Morning Pages"</a> routine. I have notebooks full of hand-written journal entries dating back more than a decade now. The notebooks range in size from pocket to medium. The Moleskine Cahier Journal, Soft Cover Lined, has been my journal of choice. I started with a pocket-sized notebook from a company I can't remember as I was unsure if I'd be able to fill 3 full pages with words. The hard part is letting the pen do the work. Letting the pen scribble as words flood your brain and drain out through your arm and fingertips to the pen and onto the page. 

Trying something different as I find myself with time on my hands, and a desire to learn this thing called Git/GitHub that I've only had passing interactions with from previous jobs, and things were already setup and I was merely granted access to review and comment. 

Code fascinates me. Coding, computers weren't a thing when I was in school. I was ahead of the game, way back when, using .Mac (now iCloud) in order to access college papers in the computer lab without the hassle of using disks. I have fond memories of Napster, the ease of being able to find the most obscure song from even popular bands. I often wondered how that worked, but was drawn to the legal battle over copyright, and continue to find the intersection of law and technology fascinating. Sometimes it's weird, now, to see headlines and follow cases that were considered hypothetical when I was getting my Masters of Science in IT & Privacy Law from The John Marshall Law School (now University of Illinois-Chicago since they merged). 

It's interesting how time passes, things change, and things don't. The Pandemic through a lot of that into contrast. Essential. Non-essential. Remote. People had to figure out on the fly how to move their businesses online just to stay afloat. Now there seems to be a struggle to figure out what "normal" is. Everyone back at the office? Every day? Some days? Never? I often thought limiting your hiring to geographic areas automatically limited your talent pool, which made the fight for talent all the more intense. However, I get not every company is setup to do business in all 50 states, or internationally. With varying state laws, contracting can be more hassle than it's worth. Perhaps more needs to change, but the law is a slow process. 

We don't now what the future holds. We invent on minute at a time. One hour. One day. 

One day at a time.

Sometimes that's the best we can do.
