# December 17, 2012

Alabama 3 courses through my earbuds, and saturates my brain as I leave Dion’s office.
```
Your head was going ding-dong
ringing like a bell from your head down to your toes
like some voice tryin’ to tell you there's something you should know 
```

The rain is steady as I walk down Pine to First Street, hanging a left and striding to Burrard before cutting through Seaforth Peace Park and crossing Cornwall at Chestnut that ends down at the Vancouver Maritime Museum and English Bay. Nothing drowns the noise in my head as an argument breaks out.

**Tech Support**: Look, I get the transition was rough. There wasn't any data to support it’d be that rough. But seriously, c’mon, who the fuck is this guy and why the hell are you even listening to him man?

**Prosecution**, _waves hand in dismissal_: Please. I let her bring in an outsider to calm the situation, grant that modicum of hope so she remains. Points finger at Tech Support. All you had to do was treat it like the rest and prevent him from digging.

**Tech Support**: Dude man, c’mon, how the fuck was I supposed to know Dion would be different? Aren't they all cut from the same cloth? Sits back in chair, legs splayed in front. Besides, who wants to stay in a work environment like that? They don't fucking care. Made that obvious the first day. 

**Prosecution**: Clearly not. And you really need to let the work thing go. Remember we, you and me, decided to let her do this. Not them. You and me. Or did you forget that?

**Tech Support**, _rolls eyes_: No. I didn't forget.

I trudge through the sand of Kits Beach to a big log, throw my legs over, and sit. The scent of rain, pine, and sea salt infiltrates my nose. I close my eyes for a moment, breath it in. The rain continues its steady pace, shrouding the ocean and mountains in cloud. Lights from container ships anchored in the bay flutter between raindrops. I try to remember how many lights are on a container ship as I count, guessing the start and end of each by the long gaps between lights. It’s true that I moved to Vancouver on my own, the only viable job offer in a down economy. The first time I’ve moved countries for a job, but not the last time I will move. 

**Prosecution**: OK. Remember they decided to keep her and have made a lot of good moves the last couple of months. Leave it be. 

Did they decide to keep me? It’s not like I have a special talent, or something that any new grad can’t do, and probably for cheaper. I shake my head, watch raindrops fly off the brim of my hat and join their brethren, pelting the sand that is already saturated. I tilt my face upwards, letting the rain fall on it unencumbered as the argument continues to rage inside. 

**Tech Support**: Right. Merely a means to an end. But not this end. Dion is breaking us up. And you're fucking letting him!

**Prosecution**, _leaning back in his chair, elbows on the armrests, fingers locking_: I admit, I underestimated her willingness to take action. I didn't think she'd find someone useful, or that you'd let Dion push you around so much, and me, by extension. He is turning out to be quite the worthy adversary.

“Wait. What,” I say outloud to the rain. 
No one hears. 

**Tech Support**, _shakes head, slouches_: Quite the worthy adversary. Jesus. Listen to you. What the fuck man? I'm trying man. You're not helping any, sitting back there, snickering all the time. We gotta work together, you know? We're all going to end up in a mental institution if you and me can't stop this, and I will fucking kill you and her before that happens.

**Prosecution**: Let’s talk about that for a minute.

**Tech Support**: What? Being committed?

My body involuntarily contracts on itself at the word “committed” as scenes of forced restraints and sedation from One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, The Center Cannot Hold: My Journey Through Madness and paragraphs from articles I’ve read run through my brain, mixed with always being punctual, completing tasks assigned and adhering to staying in a job for at least a year rule. I keep my agreements. I do what is asked. I do more than what is asked. Building a pipeline of blog contributors, writing support articles, writing blog posts, writing press releases, researching and writing white papers. I ensure the legal tech startup’s name is out there, associated with forward-thinking thought leadership and practicality, helping lawyers move into the 21st century, running profitable practices, and living the kind of lives they want.

**Prosecution**, _laughs_: Nice choice of words. Sits up, folds hands on desk. No, the killing rhetoric. Stop talking about it. Stop pestering her about it.

A deep sigh escapes my lips at the demand. I close my eyes, fold my arms across my chest, rest my elbows on my knees, and try to imagine what it would be like to not think about suicide all day, every day. What would fill my mind instead? What else is there to think about? There must be something else. Something more. Something different.

**Tech Support**: Dion is still gonna ask.

**Prosecution**, _picking at his cuticles before refolding his hands and sitting up_: He will. He has a legal obligation, so we have to condition her to say "no" and say it immediately.

My eyes roll at “legal obligation.” An exception to the confidentiality rule; a fine line, one I don’t want to cross. A line that triggers a series of events over which I will have no control. A line that is the end. I wonder how close I can get without tripping it, though I know enough to keep my plan to myself. Stick to generalities, deflect inquiries of timing and method. Lie.

**Tech Support**, _shrugging, turning restlessly in his chair_: Whatever will get him to fuck off.

**Prosecution**: I don't know that it will get him to do that, but he won't have the commitment card to play, and she won't feel obligated to continue. Leave the rest to me as he has a very different approach, and it is proving to be effective, so I need to change tactics.

The commitment card. I get off the log and start walking. Sand clings to the soles of my shoes. I stomp my shoes on the concrete pathway. The commitment card. Every week, the same ask, the same promise. Every week I agree to keep myself safe until we meet the following week. Every week I lie.

**Tech Support**, _laughing_: No shit he has a very different approach. And effective is an understatement. Shifts in chair, brow furrows. That last session nearly killed me. He kept talking, pointing out the time, reading notes out loud, trying to jog something loose, make her talk about us, looks at Prosecution, about you. 

**Prosecution**: I know. You’re a good soldier, keeping him at bay.

**Tech Support**, _rolls eyes_: No one else cared if we sat in silence. They’d make an effort with weather or sports or whatever, and soon figure out it’s not worth…the...effort….Fuck. She wanted to talk. Runs hands through hair, shakes head in frustration. I shoulda made her fucking leave. That was the only option left but she wasn't moving. 

**Prosecution**: She's stubborn and polite that way. You did fine, and it was instructive for me. 

Stubborn and polite. I was raised with manners. Ms. Manners. Greetings and salutations. Excusing myself from the table. Saying “thank you” and “please” and “may I “and “no thank you,” on those rare occasions I’m allowed to say no. How could I leave? Wouldn’t that have set off alarm bells with Dion? Forced his hand. I’m not about to cause the guy any more worry. Stubbornness, well, that’s a family trait.

**Tech Support** _looks at Prosecution_: You really need to do something to quell the fight in her. It's getting worse. She's still kind of scared of you, and defiant of me. Like what the fuck man? The two of them will kill us, not just break us up. Fuck. And her data points. Jesus. You know she's putting pieces together and mapping something out? She's fucking smart!

**Prosecution**: I do. She can plot all the points she wants but she won't be able to take corrective action.

**Tech Support**: Dion will fix that. Shit.

**Prosecution** _tilting head sideways, curious_: How so?

**Tech Support**: I mean he'll try or whatever. He's brutal. He's poking holes in logic. I never saw it that way before.

**Prosecution**: Holes in what logic?

**Tech Support**: Shit man. What the fuck have you been planning all this time?

**Prosecution**, _leaning forward_: Holes in what logic?

**Tech Support**: I don't know. Logic like that tight loop that lead to that shouting match in October. I honestly thought you were going to kill her then. I've never seen her stand up to you like that. Damn. Ha. She might have kicked your ass though.

My hands ball themselves into fists and shove themselves in the pockets of my jacket as my brain races back to that October night. The whiteboard session, where Dion used his magic markers to draw the cycle of thought I cannot escape. The cycle of thought and action entwined, easily following each other round and round, like the infinity loop. Round and round, feeding on itself, growing in sophistication and earnestness. Only death will set me free. There is no truth. Only death. I cannot escape. Or can I? Am I allowed? I need permission? Can’t I just escape? Get out. All I want is out. Do I have to die to get out?

**Prosecution**: Indeed.

**Tech Support**, _smiling, half laughing_: Dude man. She'll kick your ass next time.
 
**Prosecution**: Really. What makes you say that?

**Tech Support**, _stops smiling, shrugs_: Nothing man. Just saying, you know. I mean, she's different or whatever so, you know, maybe, like, I don't know, it's time or something. We had a good run. The fight just not might be worth it anymore you know? What do we get out of it exactly?

**Prosecution**, _fixes stern gaze on Tech Support_: Really.

**Tech Support**, _shifting uncomfortably_: C'mon man. She did some really cool things this year. Even you had some fun. I mean, she's fucking doing it. Sticking it to the naysayers, the doubters. Sticking it to you. You thought she'd fail. Hell. You expected her to fail.

What things have I done? Moved countries. Moved to a city where I don’t know one damn person, not even an acquaintance or a friend of a friend or a friend of a friend of a relative or any step removed. I took a long term rental that flooded. Found a nice apartment in Kits with easy access to the 99 bus to get to work. Easy access to other bus routes for softball and dodgeball, and generally getting around Vancouver if I don’t walk. Oh yeah, joined a softball team with a coworker. Made two good friends at work: Angus and Barb. They have cars and don’t mind driving me around. They admire the risk and challenge of moving for a startup. I blindly joined a dodgeball team, and am enjoying it. I blindly joined an ultimate frisbee team, and am learning a new sport. 

**Prosecution**: I did not expect her to fail.

**Tech Support**: Bullshit. You expected her to fail. Up and quit. God knows they gave her reason to in the beginning, the CEO telling her she didn’t have to move here, the way they’ve treated her since she got here. Talk about a toxic environment man. Like they don’t have the balls to let her go so they’re being all passive-aggressive and shit. Eyes widen. That's why you've kept pushing the work bullshit. That's still a point of contention. Wait. Holy fuck.

**Prosecution**: What?

**Tech Support**: She's totally owned that blog. Let her own it instead of positioning it as leverage for failure, which is bullshit by the way. You won't let her enjoy it. You know she's really good at that stuff. Finding people with interesting stories to tell, helping them tell those stories, finding those golden nuggets of information others can use. You've seen those moments. Gets up, starts pacing. Fuck. You'll probably claim you let her have those moments, like calculus. You’ll claim you let her talk to the professor, and when she realized she’s smart, you ripped the rug right out from under her. You do that all the fucking time man. More fun to watch her flail and fall and bleed. As you’ve done her whole fucking life, and using me to collect the data, make it happen. Shit. Turns to the Prosecution. For her sake, I hope she goes every day cause he'll fucking crush you.

I pause and wait for the light to change at Yew and Cornwall. Am I smart? Calculus was fucking hard. Wasn’t it more anxiety though? Anxiety got in the way, immediately, right? Test anxiety. Fuck up one problem, fuck up the rest, like the failure I am. Except the professor didn’t think so. The knowledge was there. The understanding was there. I got the concepts, did the work and solved the equations just fine if not under the gun. I don’t know. What does smart mean? Book smart? Street smart? Is there such a thing as just smart? A line from a song in Disney’s Aladdin pops into my head: Riff Raff. Street rat. I don’t buy that. If only they’d look closer. Or am I supposed to look closer? How do I do that? What does that even mean, look closer? Look closer at what? How am I supposed to figure this out now, in the working world?

**Prosecution**, _waves hand in dismissal_: She won't go every day, and Dion can’t crush me without crushing her. Points finger at Tech Support. You should know that by now.

**Tech Support**: Fuck man. You won't let her go every day. You’ll talk her out of it, twist her logic, make me twist her logic, corrupt her desire to try something different, explore a different thought pattern. Fuck. I see it now. Turns to the Prosecution. You didn't expect her to find an ally in an outsider. Not one that's, what did you call Dion? A worthy adversary. You're pissed because he's winning....no....wait...eyes Prosecution. You're pissed because he cares. Cares enough to read notes, try to prompt something, help her talk things out. Cares enough to make her promise every fucking week. Cares enough tell her to make distinctions between thoughts and actions. He cares man. He really fucking cares. He doesn’t blow her off, tell her what to do and what not do. He cares to guide rather than rule. Leans in close to the Prosecution. Know what else? She took the happiness out of the box, she fucking found the happiness box, and now you're demanding it be returned and making me do the dirty work. Stands up. Well fuck you. 

“What happiness?” I ask no one as I walk up Yew. Its steep incline is no longer the taxing ordeal it used to be, though I still cannot run all the way up to Broadway, nine blocks, without stopping. But the word “happiness” lodges itself in uncharted territory in my brain. There are other puzzle pieces there now, the edges not quite complete to form a frame, and larger blocks in the middle that remain unconnected. I can make out dodgeball, softball, ultimate frisbee, friends, gaming, the trip up the Sunshine Coast, all the times I’ve gone out to dinner, the long walks, the list of physical books and audiobooks. All just pieces scattered in this unfamiliar space that has appeared in my brain.
